The host, Fu Yunxi, returned to the rich family's old house at night
Hey, Miss Sheng doesn't live here today
Well, me and my own home?
Oh yes, Miss Saint
There's a file here, I see your name.
See if you report me.
This is not me yesterday.
That should be Mr.'s brother
I'll go back and ask him.
Come and apologize to me again
Hey, what's up?
Well, I thought about it, I don't have to meet and say
Let's split up.
Hello, can you hear me?
Shengnuan, I don't care what you usually do
But I don't like you.
I'm not looking for trouble with you.
I'm seriously discussing with you.
I went to pick it up with my mother yesterday.
I didn't know to go back before
Don't get me wrong.
It's between the two of us.
Nothing to do with anyone else
It's not this, and why?
You go back after my business trip
If you have anything to say, tell me in person.
Sheng Nuan, this is my big gift to you.